# Final-Capstone-Project

Git Repo for the Chain Puzzle Generating Website Capstone Project Milestone 2

The website is an interface in which the user can input a sentence into said website, and then the site will generate a set of word puzzles in which the solution to each individual puzzle is a
word from the originally inputted sentence. The user can then download these puzzles as a PDF file as well as the set of solutions. The user can select puzzle types that may be 
randomly generated by the website.

This project was created as a different kind of word puzzle generator than the current ones that are present on the internet. This form of puzzle generation promotes working together in groups with 
friends or family.

<h1> Contents </h1>

<h3>index.html:</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the main webpage of the site. This page includes a text input in which the user can type in the sentence that will be utilized to generate the puzzles.
It also includes a check-box list in which the user can select the type of puzzles they would like the site to create. Lastly, this page has a generate button in which the user will be taken to the download webpage upon clicking.
<h3>style.css</h3> This file contains the CSS code that accompanies the index.html file and stylizes and formats the main webpage.
<h3>download.html</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the webpage that a user is taken to when the user chooses to generate puzzles. This webpage contains two main buttons, one
to download the set of puzzles and one to download the solutions to said puzzles. A back button is present that will take the user back to the main webpage.
<h3>downloadstyle2.css</h3> This file contains the CSS code that accompanies the downloadpage.html file and stylizes and formats the download webpage.
<h3>about.html</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the about page.
<h3>infostyle.css</h3> This file contains the CSS code that accompanies the various info webpages. This code stylizes and formats the webpage.
<h3>acrostic.html</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the page that describes acrostic puzzles.
<h3>double.html</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the page that describes double puzzles.
<h3>quote.html</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the page that describes drop quote puzzles.
<h3>wordsearch.html</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the page that describes word search puzzles.
<h3>conjunction.html</h3> This file contains the HTML code for the page that describes conjunction junction puzzles.
<h3>background.png</h3> This file is the image file that serves as a background to the webpages of the site.
<h3>words ERD.png</h3> This file contains the ER Diagram for the design of the words table within the MySQL Database.
<h3>quotes ERD.png</h3> This file contains the ER Diagram for the design of the quotes table within the MySQL Database.
<h3>conjunctions ERD.png</h3> This file contains the ER Diagram for the design of the conjunctions table within the MySQL Database.
<h3>Chain Puzzle Generating Website Project Main Webpage GUI Mockup.png</h3> This file contains the design of the main webpage.
<h3>Chain Puzzle Generating Website Project Download Webpage GUI Mockup.png</h3> This file contains the design of the download webpage.
<h3>Chain Puzzle Generating Website Project Info Webpage GUI Mockup.png</h3> This file contains the general design of the about and info webpages on the site.
<h3>Chain Puzzle Generating Website Project FlowChart.png</h3> This file contains the general design of the about and info webpages on the site.
<h3>dictionary.sql</h3> This file contains the MYSQL code for the dictionary database and its words and quotes tables.
<h3>puzzlespdf.pdf</h3> This pdf files contains a test run of generated puzzles.
<h3>downloadpage.php</h3> This file contains the php code for the download page on the server.
<h3>SystemVisionDocument.docx</h3> This documents contains an overview of the project
<h3>StakeholderIdentification.docx</h3> This documents identifies the users of the project

<h1> Implementation </h1>

<h6>1: Create an Amazon Web Services account: https://aws.amazon.com/free/?trk=ps_a131L0000085EJuQAM&trkCampaign=acq_paid_search_brand&sc_channel=ps&sc_campaign=acquisition_US&sc_publisher=google&sc_category=core-main&sc_country=US&sc_geo=NAMER&sc_outcome=acq&sc_detail=amazon%20web%20services&sc_content=Brand_amazon_web_services_e&sc_segment=423740514695&sc_medium=ACQ-P|PS-GO|Brand|Desktop|SU|Core-Main|Core|US|EN|Text&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!423740514695!e!!g!!amazon%20web%20services&ef_id=CjwKCAjwh5qLBhALEiwAioods1jPOAZd0cz9TFRrLZo3J0C-mOG8hkZwf7Wx5WiVBHGxdmG_Ph3oThoCtbAQAvD_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!423740514695!e!!g!!amazon%20web%20services&all-free-tier.sort-by=item.additionalFields.SortRank&all-free-tier.sort-order=asc&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Types=*all&awsf.Free%20Tier%20Categories=*all </h6>

<h6>2: Create an EC2 Instance</h6>
<h6>3: Download XAMPP onto Windows Server</h6>
<h6>4: Download folder with files into HTDOCS folder</h6>
<h6>5: Label folder with files "dashboard" and rename original dashboard folder</h6>
<h6>6: Create MySQL database and tables</h6>
<h6>(video tutorial (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtdbGIvLJKo))</h6>
